fix: Fixes in llm after QA (#309)
software-mansion/react-native-executorch: docs/docs/typescript-api/LLMModule.md

| `generate`      | `(messages: Message[], tools?: LLMTool[]) => Promise<string>`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                              | Runs model to complete chat passed in `messages` argument. It doesn't manage conversation context.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `forward`       | `(input: string) => Promise<string>`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Runs model inference with raw input string. You need to provide entire conversation and prompt (in correct format and with special tokens!) in input string to this method. It doesn't manage conversation context. It is intended for users that need access to the model itself without any wrapper. If you want simple chat with model consider using`sendMessage` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `forward`       | `(input: string) => Promise<string>`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                       | Runs model inference with raw input string. You need to provide entire conversation and prompt (in correct format and with special tokens!) in input string to this method. It doesn't manage conversation context. It is intended for users that need access to the model itself without any wrapper. If you want a simple chat with the model consider using`sendMessage` |
```

| `deleteMessage` | `(index: number) => void`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | Deletes all messages starting with message on `index` position. After deletion it will call `messageHistoryCallback()` containing new history. It also returns it.                                                                                                                                                                                                    |

> | `delete`        | `() => void`                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               | Method to delete the model from memory. Note you cannot delete model while it's generating. You need to interrupt it first.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |

Reviewer: and make sure that isGenerating is set to false!
This kind of implies that when you call interrupt(), you're gtg, which is not exactly true.

Reviewer 2: We can also make sure that interrupt is called ourself, calling interrupt inside the delete method/function when needed. WDYT?

Reviewer: That was my initial thought but we discussed it and it was kinda tricky on our end, so we decided to just throw an error when user tries to delete a model that is generating.

## Listening for download progress

To subscribe to the download progress event, you can pass the `modelDownloadProgressCallback` functions to constructor. This function will be called whenever the download progress changes.

## Running the model

To run the model, you can use `generate` method. It allows you to pass chat messages and receive completion from the model. It doesn't provide any message history management.

Alternatively in managed chat (see: [Functional vs managed](../natural-language-processing/useLLM#functional-vs-managed)), you can use the `sendMessage` method. It accepts the user message. After model responds it will return new message history containing both user message and model response.. Additionally, it will call `messageHistoryCallback`.

If you need raw model, without any wrappers, you can use `forward`. It provides direct access to the model, so the input string is passed straight into the model. It may be useful to work with models that aren't finetuned for chat completions. If you're not sure what are implications of that (e.g. that you have to include special model tokens), you're better off with `sendMessage`.

> ## Listening for token

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Listening for generated tokens
```

To subscribe to the token generation event, you can pass `responseCallback` or `messageHistoryCallback` functions to constructor. `responseCallback` is called on every token and contains only the most recent model response and `messageHistoryCallback` is called whenever model finishes generation and contains all message history including user's and model's last messages.

## Interrupting the model

In order to interrupt the model, you can use the `interrupt` method.

## Configuring the model

To configure model (i.e. change system prompt, load initial conversation history or manage tool calling) you can use

> `configure` method. It only matters in managed chats i.e. when using `sendMessage` (see: [Functional vs managed](../natural-language-processing/useLLM#functional-vs-managed)) It accepts object with following fields:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`configure` method. It is only applied to managed chats, i.e. when using `sendMessage` (see: [Functional vs managed](../natural-language-processing/useLLM#functional-vs-managed)) It accepts object with following fields:
```
